Update middleware documentation to include Zenoh (#5644)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/Advanced/About-Middleware-Implementations.rst

For examples of example of DDS RMW implementation repositories,

| The ``Eclipse Cyclone DDS`` ROS middleware implementation is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_cyclonedds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_cyclonedds>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``Fast DDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_fastrtps_cpp <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_fastrtps_cpp>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``Connext DDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_connextdds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_connextdds>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``GurumDDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros/rmw_gurumdds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_gurumdds>`_.

Structure of the Zenoh Middleware Implementation
------------------------------------------------

For data to be sent and received over Zenoh using ROS 2, the middleware package, ``rmw_zenoh_cpp``, maps the ROS 2 middleware |API| to Zenoh's |APIs| using `zenoh-c <https://github.com/eclipse-zenoh/zenoh-c>`_.
Unlike DDS-based implementations, this middleware relies on a Zenoh router to discover peers and pass discovery information along via Zenoh's 'gossip scouting'.
Therefore, ``rmw_zenoh_cpp`` requires the Zenoh router (``zenohd``) to be active on the local system or reachable over the network.

> In ROS 2's Zenoh integration, each `context <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rclcpp/generated/classrclcpp_1_1Context.html#:~:text=Context%20which%20encapsulates%20shared%20state,init%20and%20shutdown%20of%20rclcpp.>`_ is mapped to a single Zenoh session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ROS 2's Zenoh integration, each `context <https://docs.ros.org/en/{DISTRO}/p/rclcpp/generated/classrclcpp_1_1Context.html>`_ is mapped to a single Zenoh session.
```

This session is shared across all publishers, subscriptions, services, and clients within that context.

> The context maintains a local graph cache that tracks the network topology of ROS 2 entities and the presence of each entity is managed through unique liveliness tokens issued on creation and revoked during destruction.

Reviewer: if we want to add this information to zenoh, why not adding the same information to DDS based rmw implementations above? maybe we can add the explanation about DDS discovery listener, DDS participant that is mapped to the context and so on?

or maybe this is overkill for here? probably we just want to share the overview about rmw_zenoh_cpp here? if that is so, we can skip the following details from here? (possibly we can add these details for https://github.com/ros2/rmw_zenoh)

Author: i added this here, just as you said, to give an overview of the structure behind how zenoh works in ROS 2. i though it might suffice as a complement to the information provided in this page about the DDS packages.

perhaps it may be overkill to include that additional information here? however, i trust your judgement. if you believe this is a good place for that info on DDS rmw, i will be happy to put that together and add to section above.

also, im happy you pointed out `rmw_zenoh`, that info is actually available in the repo in `rmw_zenoh/docs/design.md`

Reviewer: okay, let's keep it here. if we think we want to move this to zenoh doc, we can always change that.

Here is an inexhaustive list of how the Zenoh middleware |API| adapts ROS 2 entities over its communication protocol:

> - **Nodes:** Nodes in ROS 2 have been referred to as "units of computation" in a ROS 2 graph, whereby each node should be responsible for a single, modular purpose. Zenoh has no direct counterpart to the node, so ``rmw_zenoh_cpp`` creates no Zenoh entities for them. However, when a node is created through the RMW |API|, a liveliness token of type ``NN`` is declared.

Reviewer: i believe that github action fails on this line and else where, because of `one-sentence-per-line` rule.

Author: yes, i was having issues with lint here. it was either i broke the `one-sentence-per-line` rule, or the list formatting returned errors. i suppose the solution here will be to add a blank line between list items.

Author: i have use backslashes instead, hoping that allows me to obey the `one-sentence-per-line` rule and maintain the list structure

Author: the backslashes didnt help. i resorted to removing the bullets in the list altogether, and listing my points here as separate paragraphs

For examples of example of DDS RMW implementation repositories,

| The ``Eclipse Cyclone DDS`` ROS middleware implementation is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_cyclonedds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_cyclonedds>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``Fast DDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_fastrtps_cpp <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_fastrtps_cpp>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``Connext DDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros2/rmw_connextdds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_connextdds>`_.
| The RMW implementation for ``GurumDDS`` is on |GitHub|_ at `ros/rmw_gurumdds <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_gurumdds>`_.

Structure of the Zenoh Middleware Implementation
------------------------------------------------

For data to be sent and received over Zenoh using ROS 2, the middleware package, ``rmw_zenoh_cpp``, maps the ROS 2 middleware |API| to Zenoh's |APIs| using `zenoh-c <https://github.com/eclipse-zenoh/zenoh-c>`_.
Unlike DDS-based implementations, this middleware relies on a Zenoh router to discover peers and pass discovery information along via Zenoh's 'gossip scouting'.
Therefore, ``rmw_zenoh_cpp`` requires the Zenoh router (``zenohd``) to be active on the local system or reachable over the network.

> In ROS 2's Zenoh integration, each `context <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/p/rclcpp/generated/classrclcpp_1_1Context.html>`_ is mapped to a single Zenoh session.

Reviewer: `{DISTRO}` will be relaced with `rolling` and other distro names during sphinx build.

```suggestion
In ROS 2's Zenoh integration, each `context <https://docs.ros.org/en/{DISTRO}/p/rclcpp/generated/classrclcpp_1_1Context.html>`_ is mapped to a single Zenoh session.
```
